Hi guys, today I'm gonna be doing
a tutorial using stacked braids.
It's so cool.
They all kind of always look
like it's a stacked 3D braid.
So I'm gonna have a go
at showing you how to do this today
as a side braid.
So all you're gonna need is two small
hair elastics to tie off the hair.
So to start off with,
I'm gonna sweep all my hair to one side,
and I'm gonna split it into three
as if I was doing a normal
3-strand braid.
Now the way this is gonna happen
is we're gonna pass
it over to start off with,
just as you would a normal braid.
So now each time we pass over
a new section,
we're gonna start off by taking
a small section of hair
out of the braid,
out of that section
before we pass it over.
So then the section from the back,
I'm gonna take a small section off
and just put it behind...
and then pass that over.
So you've just got to remember
each time
to take a small section of hair out...
and then pass it over.
And then once you feel like
the hair's kind of got too small
so you can't be taking it
anymore bits out,
you just want to continue it down
just as a normal 3-strand braid.
And then once you get to the end
of the hair,
you just want to take
the small hair elastic and tie it off.
So if you see now when I hold this up,
you can see all these kind of sections
of hair that come out
of each part of the braid.
So now we're gonna take
these sections
and we're basically gonna braid them
over the top of that braid.
So starting at the top,
you're gonna pick up two sections
from one side,
and one section from the back
and I'm gonna do a Dutch braid
over the top
of that bottom braid.
So for a Dutch braid,
you want to take the middle section
and pass it to the outside as opposed to
taking the outer two sides
and bringing them in.
So that front section is gonna go out
and then the middle section out.
And then each time you just want
to pick up another section
from the hair, so picking up
that section there
and then just continue
the Dutch braid down.
And by picking up these sections that
we took out from the original braid,
it kind of joins the two braids together
which just gives it a really
cool look.
And then once you've incorporated
all the sections,
you just want to continue it down
until it meets where you finished
that bottom braid.
And then once you've braided down,
you want to take your other hair elastic
and you want to tie off that braid
so it's tied to the bottom braid,
so just joining them together,
and now all I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna go along the bottom braid,
just fanning it out
so just pulling gently on the hair,
just so it kind of emphasizes
the fact that it's a braid on a braid.
So as you can see,
this braid kind of gives this
really cool 3D effect,
so it kind of looks like
a braid from all different angles
which is really cool
and really different.
I absolutely love this.
it's such a cute hairstyle
for every day,
just another addition
to the side braids.
So I hope you've enjoyed this,
and I will see you all soon.
Bye.